# packages in environment at /Users/dominicwelti/opt/anaconda3:
#
# Name                    Version                   Build  Channel
aioitertools              0.11.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
anaconda-anon-usage       0.4.4           py39hfb7c958_100  
anaconda-client           1.12.3             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
anaconda-cloud-auth       0.4.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
anaconda-navigator        2.5.4            py39hecd8cb5_1  
anaconda-project          0.11.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
annotated-types           0.6.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
anyio                     3.7.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
appnope                   0.1.4              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
archspec                  0.2.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
argon2-cffi               23.1.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
argon2-cffi-bindings      21.2.0           py39hdc70f33_4    conda-forge
arrow                     1.3.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
ase                       3.22.1             pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
asttokens                 2.4.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
astunparse                1.6.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
async-lru                 2.0.4              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
attrs                     23.2.0             pyh71513ae_0    conda-forge
babel                     2.14.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
backcall                  0.2.0              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
backports                 1.0                pyhd8ed1ab_3    conda-forge
backports.functools_lru_cache 2.0.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
backports.tempfile        1.0                        py_0    conda-forge
backports.weakref         1.0.post1       pyhd8ed1ab_1003    conda-forge
bcrypt                    4.1.2            py39h3f9c672_0    conda-forge
beautifulsoup4            4.12.3             pyha770c72_0    conda-forge
blas                      2.117                  openblas    conda-forge
blas-devel                3.9.0           17_osx64_openblas    conda-forge
bleach                    6.1.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
blinker                   1.8.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
blosc                     1.21.5               heccf04b_0    conda-forge
boltons                   24.0.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
boto3                     1.34.77            pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
botocore                  1.34.77         pyge38_1234567_0    conda-forge
bottleneck                1.3.8            py39h5b4affa_0    conda-forge
brotli                    1.1.0                h0dc2134_1    conda-forge
brotli-bin                1.1.0                h0dc2134_1    conda-forge
brotli-python             1.1.0            py39h840bb9f_1    conda-forge
bzip2                     1.0.8                h10d778d_5    conda-forge
c-ares                    1.28.1               h10d778d_0    conda-forge
c-blosc2                  2.14.1               h0ae8482_0    conda-forge
ca-certificates           2024.8.30            h8857fd0_0    conda-forge
cached-property           1.5.2                hd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
cached_property           1.5.2              pyha770c72_1    conda-forge
cctools                   986                  hd3558d4_0    conda-forge
cctools_osx-64            986                  h58a35ae_0    conda-forge
certifi                   2024.8.30          pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
cffi                      1.16.0           py39h18ef598_0    conda-forge
chardet                   5.2.0            py39h6e9494a_1    conda-forge
charset-normalizer        3.3.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
chart-studio              1.1.0                      py_0    plotly
click                     8.1.7           unix_pyh707e725_0    conda-forge
clyent                    1.2.2              pyhd8ed1ab_2    conda-forge
colorama                  0.4.6              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
colorhash                 1.0.4              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
comm                      0.2.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
conda                     24.7.1           py39h6e9494a_0    conda-forge
conda-build               24.3.0           py39h6e9494a_1    conda-forge
conda-content-trust       0.2.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
conda-env                 2.6.0                         1    conda-forge
conda-index               0.4.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
conda-libmamba-solver     24.1.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
conda-pack                0.7.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
conda-package-handling    2.2.0              pyh38be061_0    conda-forge
conda-package-streaming   0.9.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
conda-repo-cli            1.0.88           py39hecd8cb5_0  
conda-token               0.4.0              pyhd3eb1b0_0  
conda-verify              3.4.2                      py_1  
contourpy                 1.2.0            py39h6be1789_0    conda-forge
coverage                  6.5.0                    pypi_0    pypi
cryptography              42.0.5           py39h915638b_0    conda-forge
cycler                    0.12.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
dash                      2.18.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
debugpy                   1.8.1            py39hd253f6c_0    conda-forge
decorator                 5.1.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
defusedxml                0.7.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
distro                    1.9.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
dnspython                 2.6.1              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
emmet-core                0.54.4                   pypi_0    pypi
entrypoints               0.4                pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
et_xmlfile                1.1.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
exceptiongroup            1.2.0              pyhd8ed1ab_2    conda-forge
executing                 2.0.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
fastapi                   0.110.1            pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
fftw                      3.3.10          nompi_h4fa670e_108    conda-forge
filelock                  3.13.3             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
flask                     3.0.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
fmt                       10.2.1               h7728843_0    conda-forge
fonttools                 4.50.0           py39ha09f3b3_0    conda-forge
fqdn                      1.5.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
freetype                  2.12.1               h60636b9_2    conda-forge
frozendict                2.4.4            py39hded5825_0    conda-forge
future                    1.0.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
gettext                   0.21.1               h8a4c099_0    conda-forge
glib                      2.80.0               h81c1438_1    conda-forge
glib-tools                2.80.0               h49a7eea_1    conda-forge
gmp                       6.3.0                h73e2aa4_1    conda-forge
gmpy2                     2.1.2            py39h2da61ea_1    conda-forge
gpaw                      22.8.0                   pypi_0    pypi
gst-plugins-base          1.22.9               h3fb38fc_1    conda-forge
gstreamer                 1.22.9               hf63bbb8_1    conda-forge
h11                       0.14.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
h2                        4.1.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
h5py                      3.9.0           nompi_py39h95d806b_101    conda-forge
hdf5                      1.14.1          nompi_hedada53_100    conda-forge
hpack                     4.0.0              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
httpcore                  1.0.5              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
httpx                     0.27.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
hyperframe                6.0.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
icu                       73.2                 hf5e326d_0    conda-forge
idna                      3.6                pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
importlib-metadata        7.1.0              pyha770c72_0    conda-forge
importlib-resources       5.10.0                   pypi_0    pypi
importlib_metadata        7.1.0                hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
importlib_resources       6.4.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
intel-openmp              2023.1.0         ha357a0b_43548  
ipykernel                 6.29.3             pyh3cd1d5f_0    conda-forge
ipython                   8.18.1             pyh707e725_3    conda-forge
ipython_genutils          0.2.0                      py_1    conda-forge
ipywidgets                8.1.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
isoduration               20.11.0            pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
itsdangerous              2.1.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jaraco.classes            3.4.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jaraco.context            4.3.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jaraco.functools          4.0.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jedi                      0.19.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jinja2                    3.1.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jmespath                  1.0.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
joblib                    1.3.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
json5                     0.9.24             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jsonpatch                 1.33               pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jsonpointer               2.4              py39h6e9494a_3    conda-forge
jsonschema                4.21.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jsonschema-specifications 2023.12.1          pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jsonschema-with-format-nongpl 4.21.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jupyter-lsp               2.2.4              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jupyter_client            8.6.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jupyter_core              5.7.1            py39h6e9494a_0    conda-forge
jupyter_events            0.10.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jupyter_server            2.13.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jupyter_server_terminals  0.5.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jupyterlab                4.1.5              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jupyterlab_pygments       0.3.0              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
jupyterlab_server         2.25.4             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jupyterlab_widgets        3.0.10             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
kaleido-core              0.2.1                h0d85af4_0    conda-forge
keyring                   25.1.0             pyh534df25_0    conda-forge
kiwisolver                1.4.5            py39h8ee36c8_1    conda-forge
krb5                      1.21.2               hb884880_0    conda-forge
latexcodec                2.0.1              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
lcms2                     2.16                 ha2f27b4_0    conda-forge
ld64                      711                  h4e51db5_0    conda-forge
ld64_osx-64               711                  had5d0d3_0    conda-forge
lerc                      4.0.0                hb486fe8_0    conda-forge
libaec                    1.1.3                h73e2aa4_0    conda-forge
libarchive                3.7.2                hd35d340_1    conda-forge
libblas                   3.9.0           17_osx64_openblas    conda-forge
libboost                  1.84.0               h6ebd1c4_2    conda-forge
libbrotlicommon           1.1.0                h0dc2134_1    conda-forge
libbrotlidec              1.1.0                h0dc2134_1    conda-forge
libbrotlienc              1.1.0                h0dc2134_1    conda-forge
libcblas                  3.9.0           17_osx64_openblas    conda-forge
libclang                  18.1.2          default_h7151d67_1    conda-forge
libclang-cpp15            15.0.7          default_h7151d67_5    conda-forge
libclang13                18.1.2          default_h0edc4dd_1    conda-forge
libcurl                   8.7.1                h726d00d_0    conda-forge
libcxx                    16.0.6               hd57cbcb_0    conda-forge
libdeflate                1.20                 h49d49c5_0    conda-forge
libedit                   3.1.20191231         h0678c8f_2    conda-forge
libev                     4.33                 h10d778d_2    conda-forge
libffi                    3.4.2                h0d85af4_5    conda-forge
libgfortran               5.0.0           11_3_0_h97931a8_32    conda-forge
libgfortran5              12.2.0              he409387_32    conda-forge
libglib                   2.80.0               h81c1438_1    conda-forge
libhwloc                  2.9.3           default_h24e0189_1009    conda-forge
libiconv                  1.17                 hd75f5a5_2    conda-forge
libjpeg-turbo             3.0.0                h0dc2134_1    conda-forge
liblapack                 3.9.0           17_osx64_openblas    conda-forge
liblapacke                3.9.0           17_osx64_openblas    conda-forge
liblief                   0.14.1               ha0df490_1    conda-forge
libllvm14                 14.0.6               hc8e404f_4    conda-forge
libllvm15                 15.0.7               hbedff68_4    conda-forge
libllvm16                 16.0.6               hbedff68_3    conda-forge
libllvm18                 18.1.2               hbcf5fad_0    conda-forge
libmamba                  1.5.8                ha449628_0    conda-forge
libmambapy                1.5.8            py39hb0188b1_0    conda-forge
libnghttp2                1.58.0               h64cf6d3_1    conda-forge
libogg                    1.3.4                h35c211d_1    conda-forge
libopenblas               0.3.23          openmp_h429af6e_0    conda-forge
libopus                   1.3.1                hc929b4f_1    conda-forge
libpng                    1.6.43               h92b6c6a_0    conda-forge
libpq                     16.2                 ha925e61_1    conda-forge
libsodium                 1.0.18               hbcb3906_1    conda-forge
libsolv                   0.7.28               h2d185b6_2    conda-forge
libsqlite                 3.45.2               h92b6c6a_0    conda-forge
libssh2                   1.11.0               hd019ec5_0    conda-forge
libtiff                   4.6.0                h129831d_3    conda-forge
libvorbis                 1.3.7                h046ec9c_0    conda-forge
libwebp-base              1.3.2                h0dc2134_0    conda-forge
libxc                     6.2.2            cpu_he0ea0f9_0    conda-forge
libxc-c                   6.2.2            cpu_h7fb0593_0    conda-forge
libxcb                    1.15                 hb7f2c08_0    conda-forge
libxml2                   2.12.6               hc0ae0f7_1    conda-forge
libxslt                   1.1.39               h03b04e6_0    conda-forge
libzlib                   1.2.13               h8a1eda9_5    conda-forge
llvm-openmp               18.1.2               hb6ac08f_0    conda-forge
lxml                      5.1.0            py39h9b7d3cf_0    conda-forge
lz4-c                     1.9.4                hf0c8a7f_0    conda-forge
lzo                       2.10              haf1e3a3_1000    conda-forge
maggma                    0.64.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
markupsafe                2.1.5            py39ha09f3b3_0    conda-forge
mathjax                   2.7.7                h694c41f_3    conda-forge
matplotlib                3.8.3            py39h6e9494a_0    conda-forge
matplotlib-base           3.8.3            py39h7070ae8_0    conda-forge
matplotlib-inline         0.1.6              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
mdtraj                    1.9.9            py39h1f7e74c_0    conda-forge
menuinst                  2.0.2            py39h6e9494a_0    conda-forge
mistune                   3.0.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
mkl                       2023.2.0         h54c2260_50500    conda-forge
mkl-service               2.4.0            py39hc740c39_1    conda-forge
mkl_fft                   1.3.8            py39h9bf1df9_1    conda-forge
mkl_random                1.2.5            py39h226e48f_1    conda-forge
mongogrant                0.3.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
mongomock                 4.0.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
monty                     2024.3.31          pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
more-itertools            10.2.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
mp-api                    0.33.1                   pypi_0    pypi
mpc                       1.3.1                h81bd1dd_0    conda-forge
mpfr                      4.2.1                h0c69b56_0    conda-forge
mpmath                    1.3.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
mrcfile                   1.5.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
msgpack-python            1.0.7            py39h6be1789_0    conda-forge
munkres                   1.1.4              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
mysql-common              8.3.0                hfd7a639_4    conda-forge
mysql-libs                8.3.0                ha9146f8_4    conda-forge
navigator-updater         0.4.0            py39hecd8cb5_1  
nbclient                  0.10.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
nbconvert                 7.16.3               hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
nbconvert-core            7.16.3             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
nbconvert-pandoc          7.16.3               hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
nbformat                  5.10.4             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
ncurses                   6.4.20240210         h73e2aa4_0    conda-forge
nest-asyncio              1.6.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
networkx                  3.2.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
nglview                   3.1.2              pyh15ce09e_0    conda-forge
notebook                  7.1.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
notebook-shim             0.2.4              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
nspr                      4.35                 hea0b92c_0    conda-forge
nss                       3.98                 ha05da47_0    conda-forge
numexpr                   2.9.0            py39haf03413_0    conda-forge
numpy                     1.26.4           py39hf6dca73_0  
numpy-base                1.26.4           py39hd8f4981_0  
openblas                  0.3.23          openmp_hbefa662_0    conda-forge
openjpeg                  2.5.2                h7310d3a_0    conda-forge
openpyxl                  3.1.2            py39hdc70f33_1    conda-forge
openssl                   3.3.2                hd23fc13_0    conda-forge
orjson                    3.9.15           py39h3f28b53_0    conda-forge
overrides                 7.7.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
packaging                 24.0               pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
palettable                3.3.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pandas                    2.2.1            py39haf03413_0    conda-forge
pandoc                    3.1.12.3             h694c41f_0    conda-forge
pandocfilters             1.5.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
paramiko                  3.4.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
parso                     0.8.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
patch                     2.7.6             hbcf498f_1002    conda-forge
pathlib                   1.0.1            py39h6e9494a_7    conda-forge
patsy                     0.5.6              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pcre2                     10.43                h0ad2156_0    conda-forge
pexpect                   4.9.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pickleshare               0.7.5                   py_1003    conda-forge
pillow                    10.3.0           py39h9dabb2a_0    conda-forge
pip                       24.0               pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pkce                      1.0.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pkginfo                   1.10.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pkgutil-resolve-name      1.3.10             pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
platformdirs              4.2.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
plotly                    5.19.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pluggy                    1.4.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
ply                       3.11                       py_1    conda-forge
pooch                     1.8.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
popt                      1.16              h7b079dc_2002    conda-forge
prometheus_client         0.20.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
prompt-toolkit            3.0.42             pyha770c72_0    conda-forge
psutil                    5.9.8            py39ha09f3b3_0    conda-forge
pthread-stubs             0.4               hc929b4f_1001    conda-forge
ptyprocess                0.7.0              pyhd3deb0d_0    conda-forge
pugixml                   1.14                 he965462_0    conda-forge
pure_eval                 0.2.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
py-cpuinfo                9.0.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
py-lief                   0.14.1           py39h5a42fc7_1    conda-forge
py-mathjax                2.7.7.2                    py_0    conda-forge
py4vasp                   0.7.4              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
pybind11-abi              4                    hd8ed1ab_3    conda-forge
pybtex                    0.24.0             pyhd8ed1ab_2    conda-forge
pycalphad                 0.10.1                   pypi_0    pypi
pycosat                   0.6.6            py39hdc70f33_0    conda-forge
pycparser                 2.22               pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pydantic                  2.6.4              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pydantic-core             2.16.3           py39hcf47035_0    conda-forge
pydantic-settings         2.2.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pydash                    8.0.0              pyhca7485f_0    conda-forge
pygments                  2.17.2             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pyhma                     2.0.0                    pypi_0    pypi
pyjwt                     2.8.0              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
pymatgen                  2023.5.8                 pypi_0    pypi
pymolpro                  1.4.23             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pymongo                   4.6.3            py39hd253f6c_0    conda-forge
pynacl                    1.5.0            py39hdc70f33_3    conda-forge
pyobjc-core               10.2             py39h8602b6b_0    conda-forge
pyobjc-framework-cocoa    10.2             py39h8602b6b_0    conda-forge
pyparsing                 3.1.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pyqt                      5.15.9           py39h3dce684_5    conda-forge
pyqt5-sip                 12.12.2          py39hb11a7c1_5    conda-forge
pysjef                    1.38.30          py39h2a39d46_1    conda-forge
pysocks                   1.7.1              pyha2e5f31_6    conda-forge
pytables                  3.8.0            py39h91e7277_2    conda-forge
pytest-cov                4.0.0                    pypi_0    pypi
python                    3.9.19          h7a9c478_0_cpython    conda-forge
python-dateutil           2.9.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
python-dotenv             1.0.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
python-fastjsonschema     2.19.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
python-json-logger        2.0.7              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
python-kaleido            0.2.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
python-libarchive-c       5.1              py39h6e9494a_0    conda-forge
python-tzdata             2024.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
python.app                3                py39hca72f7f_0  
python_abi                3.9                      4_cp39    conda-forge
pytz                      2024.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pyyaml                    6.0.1            py39hdc70f33_1    conda-forge
pyzmq                     25.1.2           py39hcb7a90d_0    conda-forge
qt-main                   5.15.8              h98f5cd4_20    conda-forge
qtpy                      2.4.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
readline                  8.2                  h9e318b2_1    conda-forge
referencing               0.34.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
regex                     2023.12.25       py39ha09f3b3_0    conda-forge
reproc                    14.2.4.post0         h10d778d_1    conda-forge
reproc-cpp                14.2.4.post0         h93d8f39_1    conda-forge
requests                  2.31.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
requests-toolbelt         1.0.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
retrying                  1.3.3              pyhd8ed1ab_3    conda-forge
rfc3339-validator         0.1.4              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
rfc3986-validator         0.1.1              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
ripgrep                   14.1.0               h11a7dfb_0    conda-forge
rpds-py                   0.18.0           py39hcf47035_0    conda-forge
rsync                     3.2.7                h30d983d_0    conda-forge
ruamel.yaml               0.17.40          py39ha09f3b3_0    conda-forge
ruamel.yaml.clib          0.2.8            py39ha09f3b3_0    conda-forge
ruamel_yaml               0.15.80         py39hdc70f33_1009    conda-forge
s3transfer                0.10.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
scipy                     1.10.1           py39hded996c_3    conda-forge
seaborn                   0.13.2               hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
seaborn-base              0.13.2             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
semver                    2.13.0             pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
send2trash                1.8.2              pyhd1c38e8_0    conda-forge
sentinels                 1.0.0                      py_1    conda-forge
setuptools                69.2.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
setuptools-scm            7.0.5                    pypi_0    pypi
sigtool                   0.1.3                h88f4db0_0    conda-forge
sip                       6.7.12           py39h110ca85_0    conda-forge
six                       1.16.0             pyh6c4a22f_0    conda-forge
smart-open                7.0.4                hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
smart_open                7.0.4              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
snappy                    1.1.10               h225ccf5_0    conda-forge
sniffio                   1.3.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
soupsieve                 2.5                pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
spglib                    2.0.2            py39h7cc1f47_0    conda-forge
sqlite                    3.45.2               h7461747_0    conda-forge
sshtunnel                 0.4.0              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
stack_data                0.6.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
starlette                 0.37.2             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
statsmodels               0.14.1           py39h5b4affa_0    conda-forge
symengine                 0.9.0                    pypi_0    pypi
sympy                     1.12            pypyh9d50eac_103    conda-forge
tabulate                  0.9.0              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
tapi                      1100.0.11            h9ce4665_0    conda-forge
tbb                       2021.11.0            h7728843_1    conda-forge
tenacity                  8.2.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
terminado                 0.18.1             pyh31c8845_0    conda-forge
tinycss2                  1.2.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
tinydb                    4.7.0                    pypi_0    pypi
tk                        8.6.13               h1abcd95_1    conda-forge
toml                      0.10.2             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
tomli                     2.0.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
tornado                   6.4              py39ha09f3b3_0    conda-forge
tqdm                      4.66.2             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
traitlets                 5.14.2             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
types-python-dateutil     2.9.0.20240316     pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
typing-extensions         4.10.0               hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
typing_extensions         4.10.0             pyha770c72_0    conda-forge
typing_utils              0.1.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
tzdata                    2024a                h0c530f3_0    conda-forge
ujson                     5.9.0            py39h110ca85_0    conda-forge
uncertainties             3.1.7              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
unicodedata2              15.1.0           py39hdc70f33_0    conda-forge
uri-template              1.3.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
urllib3                   1.26.18            pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
uvicorn                   0.29.0           py39h6e9494a_0    conda-forge
wcwidth                   0.2.13             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
webcolors                 1.13               pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
webencodings              0.5.1              pyhd8ed1ab_2    conda-forge
websocket-client          1.7.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
werkzeug                  3.0.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
wheel                     0.43.0             pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
widgetsnbextension        4.0.10             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
wrapt                     1.16.0           py39ha09f3b3_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxau               1.0.11               h0dc2134_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxdmcp             1.1.3                h35c211d_0    conda-forge
xxhash                    0.8.0                h35c211d_3    conda-forge
xz                        5.2.10               h6c40b1e_1  
yaml                      0.2.5                h0d85af4_2    conda-forge
yaml-cpp                  0.8.0                he965462_0    conda-forge
zeromq                    4.3.5                h93d8f39_0    conda-forge
zipp                      3.17.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
zlib                      1.2.13               h8a1eda9_5    conda-forge
zlib-ng                   2.0.7                hb7f2c08_0    conda-forge
zstandard                 0.22.0           py39h7211f3f_0    conda-forge
zstd                      1.5.5                h829000d_0    conda-forge
